good evening ladies and gentlemen and
thank you very much for joining us in
the wrap-up of the 2012 london olympics
it's been our great pleasure and honor
to host such a marvelous array of
athletes from all over the world now
let's hear from some of the world's best
well you know I thought it was going to
be hard without a horse but you know I
found it quite an advantage you're gonna
have to worry about some dumb animal
slowing you down with the Olympics you
have to be careful we learnt a very big
lesson be careful what you start because
you never know where it ends up what was
my biggest challenge running the hundred
and ten meter hurdles I think just
saying the word hurdles was the biggest
hurdle of all I be honest with you I was
great disappoint that there is no goal
from the London Olympics this year
because the Scots were quite good at
that know is good mind you is is Tiger
Woods I still remember back when the
only time you take his widow with when
he's playing golf how did i win the
boxing oh it's easy you know fightin
another guy over the belt that's every
Saturday night when I come from oh I was
so proud of in the judo this year you
know it is the first time anybody's ever
used yoga moves into door to win I
started with a bit of salute to the Sun
trapped him in a downward dog and then
finished off with a bit of pranayama on
his bomb yes I'm a little bit
disappointed I was very upset when it
chose me to be an American archery team
not all american indians are good with a
bow and arrow you know why would a crowd
so low I don't I bro that's what happens
when you put us a monitors on at all
well hell yeah I chose the Indian to do
archery I've seen all them John Wayne
films I figure they're bad as good as
that as the Mexicans are doing a hundred
yard dash how people keep us in Swat is
so few people in the stands it's not our
fault that's when you get when you put
tons on the door how do we run the
synchronized swimming or a lot of
training lot of practice just ask him
now ask him now I asked him why would we
sell a for the olympic opening ceremony
look we tried to find a place to park
our car do you know how hard it is to
find a parking place in London seriously
why will be so late for the olympic
opening ceremony because i was trying to
find a place to park my car
Tupac a call in London it's so difficult
on a serious note listen we're just
happy to be here participating for us
every sport used to be a spectator sport
young man I knew I was the favorite for
the 100-meter dash but I really wanted
to do was lady flame then I would have
been ready for the high jump if you know
what I mean then I was so happy to be
the Olympics this year because you know
for me it's just so much fun to see them
all in the nice costumes you know he's
like a Mardi Gras parade in Brazil you
know like carnevale or something like
this I was just so happy to be in the
Olympic Village to see all the village
people together you know like the the
Indian and if the heart heart you know
love those kind of thing is so cool I
was so happy to represent my country in
humble i love humble is the favorite
sport of all but let me tell you for me
was just a pleasure was an honor just to
be in the Olympics parade you know to be
there were all the other athletes in a
beautiful costumes I felt like I was in
Brazil for the Mardi Gras he thought it
was just so much fun to be part of the
Olympic Village you know with all the
other competitors the Cowboys the
Indians the guys with the hard hats
singing songs it was fantastic I felt
like I was in Greenwich Village all over
again in fact I think I wasn't gonna
believe that was one of the locations
for the Olympics anyway doesn't matter
the thing is he was such a fun thing to
be amongst all those colorful rings you
know I was very disappointed when I came
here I thought I was playing tennis when
I got here I find out it's table tennis
table is too small every shot I hit go
out of bounds no love for me 2012 london
olympic we don't care in 2008 we get all
the ball we need now we just get from
australia much cheaper we bring our own
bling we bring the bling you bling we
bring weebly you bling no problem how do
we feel bad Michael Phelps for hell
we're so proud he's broken more records
and Billy Ray Cyrus has broken hearts
Michael Phelps he's broken more records
and Greek people break plates where his
broken more records and mr. Hines is
broken win for his broken more records
and Julia Gillard's broken promises
where he's broken more records and boat
back mountains broken backs or mountains
or backs on nouns or mountain back
wherever you don't
man you autumn even know what didn't let
me in bright or was this weird spots on
my shoes you now look every other
athlete in the swimming anyway I don't
need your gold medals i have my own gold
medals I've got too much gold medals
Brad that even weighed me down in the
pool are kind of a swim in our name yes
it was my honor to represent my country
in the Ski shooting hey I don't even
know what is a skeet but if I can shoot
it yellow why not so ladies and
gentlemen that's it that wraps up our
coverage of the 2012 london week shove
off you posh kid wait hello who wants
some go right to quit to quit silver one
paying day hang on he'll or foreigners
kick off Ouya see you Brazil